dEQP-GLES2.functional.depth_stencil_clear.depth_stencil_masked Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fbo.render.recreate_colorbuffer.no_rebind_rbo_rgb565_depth_component16 Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fbo.render.recreate_colorbuffer.no_rebind_rbo_rgb565_stencil_index8 Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fbo.render.recreate_colorbuffer.no_rebind_rbo_rgb5_a1_depth_component16 Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fbo.render.recreate_colorbuffer.no_rebind_rbo_rgb5_a1_stencil_index8 Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fbo.render.recreate_colorbuffer.no_rebind_rbo_rgba4_depth_component16 Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fbo.render.recreate_colorbuffer.no_rebind_rbo_rgba4_stencil_index8 Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fbo.render.recreate_colorbuffer.no_rebind_tex2d_rgba_depth_component16 Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fbo.render.recreate_colorbuffer.no_rebind_tex2d_rgba_stencil_index8 Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fbo.render.recreate_colorbuffer.no_rebind_tex2d_rgb_depth_component16 Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fbo.render.recreate_colorbuffer.no_rebind_tex2d_rgb_stencil_index8 Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fbo.render.recreate_colorbuffer.rebind_rbo_rgb565_depth_component16 Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fbo.render.recreate_colorbuffer.rebind_rbo_rgb565_stencil_index8 Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fbo.render.recreate_colorbuffer.rebind_rbo_rgb5_a1_depth_component16 Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fbo.render.recreate_colorbuffer.rebind_rbo_rgb5_a1_stencil_index8 Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fbo.render.recreate_colorbuffer.rebind_rbo_rgba4_depth_component16 Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fbo.render.recreate_colorbuffer.rebind_rbo_rgba4_stencil_index8 Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fbo.render.recreate_colorbuffer.rebind_tex2d_rgba_depth_component16 Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fbo.render.recreate_colorbuffer.rebind_tex2d_rgba_stencil_index8 Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fbo.render.recreate_colorbuffer.rebind_tex2d_rgb_depth_component16 Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fbo.render.recreate_colorbuffer.rebind_tex2d_rgb_stencil_index8 Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fbo.render.shared_colorbuffer.rbo_rgb565_depth_component16 Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fbo.render.shared_colorbuffer.tex2d_rgba_depth_component16 Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fbo.render.shared_colorbuffer.tex2d_rgb_depth_component16 Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fbo.render.shared_depthbuffer.rbo_rgb565_depth_component16 Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fbo.render.shared_depthbuffer.tex2d_rgba_depth_component16 Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fbo.render.shared_depthbuffer.tex2d_rgb_depth_component16 Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.blend.equation_src_func_dst_func.add_dst_color_one_minus_src_color Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.blend.equation_src_func_dst_func.reverse_subtract_zero_dst_alpha Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.blend.equation_src_func_dst_func.reverse_subtract_zero_dst_color Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.blend.equation_src_func_dst_func.reverse_subtract_zero_one Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.blend.rgb_func_alpha_func.dst.one_minus_src_color_one_minus_src_alpha Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.blend.rgb_func_alpha_func.dst.one_minus_src_color_one_minus_src_color Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fragment_ops.interaction.basic_shader.6  Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.polygon_offset.default_render_with_units Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.polygon_offset.fixed16_render_with_units Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.shaders.scoping.valid.local_variable_hides_function_parameter_fragment Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.shaders.scoping.valid.local_variable_hides_function_parameter_vertex Fail
